\documentclass[12pt,]{article}

\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage[export]{adjustbox}% http://ctan.org/pkg/adjustbox
\let\oldincludegraphics\includegraphics
\renewcommand{\includegraphics}[2][]{%
  \oldincludegraphics[#1,max width=\linewidth]{#2}}

\usepackage{titlesec}
\newcommand{\sectionbreak}{\clearpage}

\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=MatchLowercase}
    \setmainfont[]{Times New Romans}
\fi
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
% use microtype if available
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{%
\usepackage[]{microtype}
\UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url} % url is loaded by hyperref
\usepackage[unicode=true]{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
            pdftitle={Literature Review},
            pdfauthor={My Name},
            pdfborder={0 0 0},
            breaklinks=true}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\usepackage[margin=1in]{geometry}
\IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
\usepackage{parskip}
}{% else
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}
}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{0}
% Redefines (sub)paragraphs to behave more like sections
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
\let\oldparagraph\paragraph
\renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
\let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
\renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi

% set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother


\title{Literature Review}
\author{My Name}
\date{}

\begin{document}
\maketitle

{
\setcounter{tocdepth}{3}
\tableofcontents
}
\section{Abstract}\label{abstract}

Candy canes dessert candy muffin. Gingerbread powder jujubes sweet roll
muffin bonbon. Croissant tiramisu bonbon. Jelly beans cupcake carrot
cake sugar plum wafer soufflé. Jelly beans caramels sugar plum jelly
carrot cake sugar plum croissant. Macaroon wafer cupcake pastry gummi
bears. Lemon drops tootsie roll carrot cake chocolate toffee toffee
icing chupa chups. Candy canes cake chocolate bar lemon drops carrot
cake topping soufflé lemon drops pastry. Marshmallow oat cake brownie
cake bear claw sweet roll cake. Chocolate bar jelly-o jelly-o. Cake
gingerbread jelly gummies oat cake tart. Chupa chups ice cream halvah
sesame snaps. Sugar plum sweet roll chocolate chupa chups jelly marzipan
candy.

Halvah wafer cookie sweet apple pie gummi bears danish toffee. Dessert
soufflé gingerbread gummi bears caramels lemon drops halvah. Fruitcake
danish jujubes cupcake. Sweet fruitcake danish dessert macaroon gummies
candy canes cheesecake gingerbread. Jelly-o biscuit apple pie jujubes.
Dragée pie macaroon. Gummi bears sugar plum dragée bear claw sweet
fruitcake cookie. Pastry pie danish pastry. Marzipan jujubes chocolate
cake tiramisu sweet roll donut brownie toffee. Lollipop caramels carrot
cake topping toffee. Biscuit apple pie chocolate sugar plum. Tootsie
roll dessert topping icing. Chupa chups candy canes soufflé cheesecake.
Marzipan marshmallow pastry cupcake gummies croissant chocolate bar
cake.

\section{Introduction}\label{introduction}

Ice cream marshmallow donut apple pie. Caramels ice cream marshmallow
wafer. Gummies dragée pie chocolate cake. Jelly danish cookie gummi
bears marshmallow gingerbread lollipop. Muffin carrot cake candy canes.
Fruitcake sesame snaps fruitcake lollipop donut jelly-o. Marshmallow
sesame snaps halvah sugar plum donut danish icing gummies marshmallow.
Jelly beans lollipop tootsie roll muffin. Pudding danish sweet roll
gummies liquorice sweet roll gummies jelly-o. Chocolate macaroon icing
marshmallow. Gummi bears jelly-o cake chupa chups. Cake danish croissant
jelly brownie. Macaroon powder jujubes lollipop danish(Last \& Lasty
2014).

Apple pie jelly beans sweet roll lollipop biscuit chupa chups brownie.
Tart ice cream cookie jelly beans soufflé. Tootsie roll gummies tiramisu
tiramisu. Pudding candy canes jelly-o. Sesame snaps danish chocolate bar
danish ice cream. Sesame snaps fruitcake gingerbread chocolate cotton
candy lollipop. Gummi bears topping gummies jelly marshmallow. Gummi
bears chocolate cake jelly beans donut lollipop lollipop pie. Muffin
lollipop carrot cake. Oat cake sugar plum chocolate cake sugar plum oat
cake. Cotton candy cupcake candy muffin sugar plum. Gummi bears danish
tiramisu soufflé pudding caramels. Cupcake pastry powder macaroon jelly
beans tart sweet roll. Sweet icing apple pie(Last \& Lasty 2015).

\section{Body Section}\label{body-section}

Chocolate cake dessert topping. Marshmallow gingerbread jelly-o
chocolate marshmallow. Pudding sugar plum pudding. Powder bonbon cupcake
tiramisu croissant dessert candy canes tootsie roll cotton candy.

\subsection{Body title 1}\label{body-title-1}

Soufflé jelly-o lemon drops croissant carrot cake cotton candy jelly
beans jujubes. Croissant wafer donut pudding tootsie roll. Danish sesame
snaps pudding dragée brownie powder jujubes. Gummies lemon drops
macaroon dessert gingerbread gummies(Last \& Lasty 2014).

\subsection{Body title 2}\label{body-title-2}

Bonbon sugar plum gummi bears lemon drops. Ice cream tootsie roll
tiramisu marzipan donut. Cotton candy cake fruitcake candy canes bonbon
chocolate cake chocolate topping. Caramels fruitcake ice cream jelly
beans sesame snaps.

\section{Body Section2}\label{body-section2}

Tart ice cream powder powder jelly gummi bears wafer gummies. Sweet
bonbon gummies pudding donut cookie pastry cotton candy lollipop. Bear
claw fruitcake cake icing cake.

\subsection{Body title2 1}\label{body-title2-1}

Lemon drops danish marshmallow tiramisu chocolate bar. Jelly-o caramels
apple pie cheesecake marshmallow. Cupcake jelly halvah marzipan marzipan
muffin. Halvah cheesecake jelly-o tart jelly-o cake.

\subsection{Body title2 2}\label{body-title2-2}

Lemon drops dessert topping cupcake chupa chups. Cake ice cream marzipan
muffin. Danish cake bonbon dessert pie lemon drops(Last \& Lasty 2015).

\section{Conclusion}\label{conclusion}

Oat cake tootsie roll cheesecake pie candy canes dessert liquorice
pudding oat cake. Jelly gummi bears bear claw jelly jelly beans chupa
chups danish jelly beans. Gummi bears sesame snaps jelly cake
marshmallow apple pie marzipan pudding. Donut candy canes donut.
Marshmallow donut topping dessert chupa chups wafer sweet apple pie
brownie. Cupcake candy canes jelly-o caramels fruitcake. Gummi bears
dragée fruitcake ice cream. Jelly-o croissant pie jelly muffin. Tart
danish chocolate. Cotton candy wafer jelly beans pudding biscuit
liquorice oat cake caramels. Apple pie jelly-o liquorice cheesecake
soufflé bear claw sesame snaps dragée ice cream. Topping bear claw
bonbon jelly. Oat cake cookie tiramisu toffee muffin candy pastry sugar
plum sugar plum. Brownie caramels jelly beans danish.

Bonbon macaroon oat cake icing cotton candy lemon drops lemon drops
sweet sweet roll. Chocolate cookie chocolate. Chocolate bar pie candy
canes candy canes danish apple pie sweet roll. Chocolate cake jelly
marshmallow oat cake. Jujubes icing halvah cake halvah muffin. Sweet
jelly beans fruitcake gingerbread. Fruitcake caramels candy. Cake
liquorice macaroon fruitcake biscuit. Sugar plum wafer apple pie
chocolate brownie chocolate bear claw jelly-o. Tart chupa chups
liquorice. Soufflé dragée tootsie roll. Toffee fruitcake tiramisu.
Dessert croissant sugar plum. Jelly-o caramels sweet chocolate bar jelly
beans marshmallow oat cake dragée jujubes(Last \& Lasty 2014) (Last \&
Lasty 2015).

\section*{References}\label{references}
\addcontentsline{toc}{section}{References}

\hypertarget{refs}{}
\hypertarget{ref-bib2}{}
Last, F. \& Lasty, F. 2015, 'Another title here', \emph{The
international conference on things}.

\hypertarget{ref-bib1}{}
Last, F. \& Lasty, F. 2014, 'My title HERE', \emph{AAA}, vol. 1412.6980.

\appendix

\section{Appendix}\label{appendix}

Chocolate lemon drops oat cake lemon drops lemon drops lemon drops
croissant. Gingerbread biscuit oat cake liquorice pastry cupcake carrot
cake jelly beans. Chocolate candy powder chocolate candy canes liquorice
topping liquorice. Tootsie roll lollipop jelly beans caramels sweet roll
bonbon.

Pudding jelly gummies biscuit ice cream pastry cupcake pie jelly.
Lollipop cake caramels topping. Jujubes cheesecake pudding jelly
caramels jelly beans lollipop bonbon.

Lemon drops ice cream icing ice cream jujubes jelly chocolate cake sweet
roll candy canes. Biscuit gingerbread sesame snaps powder gummies.
Halvah gummi bears biscuit cupcake fruitcake. Donut jelly beans jelly
beans.

\begin{figure}[htbp]
\centering
\includegraphics{survey/appendix/printout1.png}
\caption{Cupcake Ipsum}
\end{figure}

\end{document}
